You need to create a simple map. The location should be divided into two zones, separated by a system of two turnstiles. Turnstiles are checkpoints similar to checkpoints in factories and business centers or turnstiles in the subway, through which the user has no way to go through except opening them with tickets (more on that later). Next to the area where the character starts, there is a table on which two pickup items (cards) lie. One card fits strictly to one turnstile, the second card strictly to the second. Content for everything can be used standard, it can be conditional, the geometry in the task is not important.
The player's task is to go to the table after spawn, take a card, attach it to the turnstile. The turnstile should open and allow the player to pass. Or, if the wrong card was attached to the turnstile, the turnstile should not let the user in. The user on the turnstile should see the appropriate indication of whether the correct card was attached or not.
Cards must inherit from a shared, custom class, or have a single class with public variables.
Additional conditions at the discretion of the developer:
An inventory for storing cards can be graphical or simply logical, conditionally storing data about the card and reporting it to the log. You can take only one card at a time, or you can put several cards in your inventory, and then select a specific one in front of the turnstile.
The logic of storing cards is arbitrary: If the player can take both cards, give him a choice - which particular card he wants to use when interacting with the turnstile (so that there is an opportunity to make a mistake and use the wrong card).


My comments on how the project works:
Button E for interacting with objects, you can take only one card and it is attached to the hand. The checkpoint and the turnstile are 2 different objects, so it seemed more convenient to place them on the scene, but it easy can be turned to one object. The relationship of objects is checked through the cipher registered in Enum. To add a new turnstile, it is enough to add a new unique cipher to the specified Enum and set the corresponding cipher for each new object (key, checkpoint and turnstile) on the stage.